Improve out-of-box experience with single-instance container (#5472)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/Installing.asciidoc

[source,sh]
----

> podman run --name openqa --device /dev/kvm -p 1080:80 -p 1443:443 --rm -it \

Reviewer: sounds good. keep this as is

  registry.opensuse.org/devel/openqa/containers/openqa-single-instance
----

Once the startup has finished, the web UI is accessible via http://localhost:1080

> or https://localhost:1443. You can login without authentication and create a API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or https://localhost:1443. You can login without authentication and create an API
```

> key and secret on http://localhost:1080/api_keys.

Reviewer: To prevent stating only 1080 and not 1443 I suggest

```suggestion
key and secret on the available web UI.
```

You can execute further tools like `openqa-cli` and `openqa-clone-job` via the
same container. To clone a job from another openQA instance like
https://openqa.opensuse.org[o3] you can run a command like this:
[source,sh]
----
# make API key and secret available to subsequent commands
podman exec openqa bash -c \

>   'echo -e "[localhost]\nkey = 1234567890ABCDEF\nsecret = 1234567890ABCDEF" > /etc/openqa/client.conf'

Reviewer: the bootstrap script already puts key+secret in the config for the worker so we shouldn't overwrite. If in doubt then leave out this code section for now

Author: I'll briefly look into https://progress.opensuse.org/issues/155473 because yes, this should not be required (but it was in my tests yesterday which is very weird).

# clone a job
podman exec openqa openqa-clone-job https://openqa.opensuse.org/tests/… \
  CASEDIR=https://….git NEEDLES_DIR=https://….git
# make an API query
podman exec openqa openqa-cli api --pretty jobs/1
----

NOTE: You need to provide test code to run tests. This example suggests you
provide the URL to a Git repository via the `CASEDIR` variable (and possibly
via `NEEDLES_DIR` if needles are in a separate repository). For development it
may be easier to specify a local directory and make it available within the

> container via the `-v`-option.

Reviewer: I understand why this would be convenient to have here but https://github.com/os-autoinst/openQA/pull/5472/files#diff-71734bf4d91118f92743c7d0db9218c4f24729410e020110884606b5ad6a3878R132 states

```
For creating a first test job, checkout the
<<UsersGuide.asciidoc#_triggering_tests,Triggering tests section>>. Note that the
commands mentioned there can also be invoked within a container, e.g.:
[source,sh]
----
podman run \
   --rm -it registry.opensuse.org/devel/openqa/containers15.5/openqa_webui:latest \
   openqa-cli --help
----
```

With your section I feel this is becoming a too weird mix. Maybe the section you add fits better elsewhere or is better split. As yet another alternative we can consider a completely new "quickstart guide". Then I think it would be ok to duplicate content a bit.

Reviewer: After discussing with you in person I have the following suggestions:
1. I suggest to ditch the "NEEDLES_DIR" mention as that is an advanced use case and explained elsewhere. A standard distribution like os-autoinst-distri-opensuse should not need it
2. The `-v` part could go into another paragraph further down below after "Custom configuration for containers", e.g. "Persistent database and asset storage" (or leave it out for now)
